Task 2 Pseudo Code File

The String and Numerical Data Types

Task 2.1 replace.py

Start
1. Save the sentence: "The!quick!brown!fox!jumps!over!the!lazy!dog." as a single string.
2. Use replace() function to replace every "!" with " ".
3. Reprint the sentence as "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
4. Use the upper() function to capitalise every letter.
5. Reprint the sentence as "THE QUICK BROWN FOX JUMPS OVER THE LAZY DOG."
6. Print the sentence in reverse.
End



Task 2.2 file manipulation.py

Start
1. Request user to enter a sentence. Save the user’s response in a variable called str_manip.
2. Calculate and display the length of str_manip.
3. Find the last letter in user sentence. Replace every occurrence of this letter with ‘@’.
4. Print the last 3 characters in str_manip backwards.
5. Create a five-letter word that is made up of the first three and the last two letters in sentence user provided.
End



Task 2.3 file numbers.py

Start
1. Request the user to enter three different integers.
2. Then print out: The sum of all the numbers
3. Then print out: The first number minus the second number
4. Then print out: The third number multiplied by the first number
5. Then print out: The sum of all three numbers divided by the third number
End



Task 2 Pseudo Code Challenges Additional Exercises

Task 2.1.Challenge file challenge_1.py

Start
1. Import math module to allow for more advance maths. In this case square root.
2. Request the user to enter the lengths of all three sides of a triangle.
3. Calculate the area of the triangle.
4. Print out the area of the triangle.
End



Task 2.2.Challenge file challenge_2.py

Start
1. Request the name of a user's favourite restaurant
2. Store the user's favourite restaurant in a variable called string_fav
3. Request the user's favourite number
4. Use casting to store it in an integer variable called int_fav
5. Print out both of these using two separate print statements 
6. Once this is working, try to cast string_fav to an integer
7. What happens? Add a comment in your code to explain why this is.
End
