"""
Task 14 Pseudocode File

Task 14.1 Programming with User-defined Functions (holiday.py)

This program enables a single traveller or a room and car sharing couple (not a group trip booking system) to generate a quote for a trip to a city.
They have a choice of 10 City options, number of hotel night stays, number of days they will need a hire car for.
The user will then be presented with the basic quote for their trip and have the option to build more quotes before exiting the program.

Start
1. State the Lists for the 10 City options and Number of passengers (1 or 2)
   a. Program starts: Define the functions for: City, Single or Couple (No. of travellers), Hotel Cost, Plane Cost, Hire Car Cost, Total Trip Quote Cost
   b. State the variables and store the parameter placeholders (relevant to each def) to call and take in the actual values from the user, who should input a valid option from the list provided.
   c. Checks included for: Negative value, illogical combination and symbols checks are in place, they will not break the program but the user will likely need to re-run and input valid inputs to get a complete trip quote
2. Calculate a user’s total holiday cost, including:
   a. Plane Cost
   b. Hotel Cost
   c. Car-Rental Cost
3. First, get user inputs:
   a. city_flight: City name, user will fly to. (You can create some options for them)
         a.i. Remember each city will have different flight costs.
   b. num_nights: Number of nights user will stay at a hotel.
   c. rental_days: Number of days for hire car.
4. Next, create the following four functions:
   a. hotel_cost: This function will take num_nights as an argument, and return a total cost for the hotel stay (you can choose the price per night charged at the hotel).
   b. plane_cost: This function will take city_flight as an argument and return a cost for the flight. (Hint: use if/else if statements in the function to retrieve a price based on the chosen city.)
   c. car_rental: This function will take rental_days as an argument and return the total cost of the car rental (you can choose the daily rental cost.)
   d. holiday_cost: This function will take the three arguments hotel_cost, plane_cost, car_rental. Using these three arguments, you can call all three of the above functions with respective arguments and finally return a total cost for your holiday.
5. Print out all the details about the holiday in a readable way.
6. Run the program with different combinations of inputs showing different quote options.
End
"""